Test case creation strategy (#164)
OctoMind-dev/mintlify-docs: new-test-case.mdx

  />
</Frame>

<Tip>

**Good to know**

- Make sure to only record actions you actually want in your
  test case.

> - Make sure to include all steps. E.g. the test runner might be located in different geo than you and therefore might see different presets than you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure to include all steps. E.g. the test runner might be located in a different geography than you and therefore might see different presets than you.
```
